mods/materials/bonemeal/README.md, before:

Bonemeal mod [bonemeal]

This mod adds four new items into the game, bones which can be dug from normal
dirt which can be made into bonemeal, mulch which is is crafted using a tree and
8x leaves, and fertiliser which is a mixture of them both.

Each item can be used on saplings and crops for a chance to grow them quicker as
well as dirt which will generate random grass, flowers or whichever decoration
is registered.

Mulch has a strength of 1, Bonemeal 2 and Fertiliser 3 which means the stronger
the item, the more chance of growing saplings in low light, making crops sprout
quicker or simply decorate a larger area with grass and flowers.

The api.txt document shows how to add your own saplings, crops and grasses to
the list by using one of the 3 commands included and the mod.lua file gives you
many examples by using some of the popular mods available.

https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=16446

Changelog:

- 0.1 - Initial release
- 0.2 - Added global on_use function for bonemeal growth
- 0.3 - Added strength to on_use global for new items (mulch and fertiliser)
- 0.4 - Added Intllib support and fr.txt file
- 0.5 - Added support for default bush and acacia bush saplings
- 0.6 - Using newer functions, Minetest 0.4.16 and above needed to run
- 0.7 - Can be used on papyrus and cactus now, added coral recipe, api addition
- 0.8 - Added support for farming redo's new garlic, pepper and onion crops
- 0.9 - Added support for farming redo's pea and beetroot crops, checks for place_param
- 1.0 - add_deco() now adds to existing item list while set_deco() replaces item list (thanks h-v-smacker)

Lucky Blocks: 5

Commit message:

Update bonemeal mod to Git commit b5819d0...
https://notabug.org/TenPlus1/bonemeal/src/b5819d022ea79e702dee4e2e0c433ab28dfaf2ab

mods/materials/bonemeal/README.md, after:

Bonemeal mod [bonemeal]

This mod adds four new items into the game, bones which can be dug from normal
dirt which can be made into bonemeal, mulch which is is crafted using a tree and
8x leaves, and fertiliser which is a mixture of them both.

Each item can be used on saplings and crops for a chance to grow them quicker as
well as dirt which will generate random grass, flowers or whichever decoration
is registered.

Mulch has a strength of 1, Bonemeal 2 and Fertiliser 3 which means the stronger
the item, the more chance of growing saplings in low light, making crops sprout
quicker or simply decorate a larger area with grass and flowers.

The api.txt document shows how to add your own saplings, crops and grasses to
the list by using one of the 3 commands included and the mod.lua file gives you
many examples by using some of the popular mods available.

https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=16446

Changelog:

- 0.1 - Initial release
- 0.2 - Added global on_use function for bonemeal growth
- 0.3 - Added strength to on_use global for new items (mulch and fertiliser)
- 0.4 - Added Intllib support and fr.txt file
- 0.5 - Added support for default bush and acacia bush saplings
- 0.6 - Using newer functions, Minetest 0.4.16 and above needed to run
- 0.7 - Can be used on papyrus and cactus now, added coral recipe, api addition
- 0.8 - Added support for farming redo's new garlic, pepper and onion crops
- 0.9 - Added support for farming redo's pea and beetroot crops, checks for place_param
- 1.0 - add_deco() now adds to existing item list while set_deco() replaces item list (thanks h-v-smacker)
- 1.1 - Added {can_bonemeal=1} group for special nodes
- 1.2 - Added support for minetest 5.0 cactus seedling, blueberry bush sapling and emergent jungle tree saplings, additional flowers and pine bush sapling.
- 1.3 - Ability to craft dye from mulch, bonemeal and fertiliser (thanks orbea)

Lucky Blocks: 6
